deprecate: Deprecates `mongodbatlas_teams` resource and data source in favour of `mongodbatlas_team` (#2208)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/team.html.markdown

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: team"
sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-resource-team"
description: |-
    Provides a Team resource.
---

# Resource: mongodbatlas_team

`mongodbatlas_team` provides a Team resource. The resource lets you create, edit and delete Teams. Also, Teams can be assigned to multiple projects, and team members’ access to the project is determined by the team’s project role.

> > **IMPORTANT:** MongoDB Atlas Team limits: max 250 teams in an organization and max 100 teams per project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **IMPORTANT:** MongoDB Atlas Team are limited to a maximum of 250 teams in an organization and 100 teams per project.
```

-> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You may find group_id in the official documentation.

> MongoDB Atlas Team limits: max 250 teams in an organization and max 100 teams per project.

Reviewer: ditto
